docs: add new community plugins project area (#22999)
backstage/backstage: OWNERS.md

These incubating project areas have shared ownership with @backstage/maintainers.

### Community Plugins

Team: @backstage/community-plugins-maintainers

> Scope: Tooling related to the Backstage [Community Plugins repository](https://github.com/backstage/community-plugins)

Reviewer: I wonder if it makes sense to update the scope for this for now to something a little wider. 

```suggestion
Scope: Tooling and Community Repo Maintainers for the Backstage [Community Plugins repository](https://github.com/backstage/community-plugins)
```

Reviewer: Should probably link out to some of the governance to what is a Reviewer / Repo Maintainer / Plugin Maintainer in the community docs

| Name                 | Organization | GitHub                                      | Discord      |
| -------------------- | ------------ | ------------------------------------------- | ------------ |
| Bethany Griggs       | Red Hat      | [BethGriggs](https://github.com/BethGriggs) | `bethgriggs` |
| Tomas Kral           | Red Hat      | [kadel](https://github.com/kadel)           | `tomkral`    |
| André Wanlin         | Spotify      | [awanlin](https://github.com/awanlin)       | `ahhhndre`   |

> | Philipp Hugenroth    | Spotify      | [tudi2d](https://github.com/tudi2d)         | `tudi2d`     |

Reviewer 2: @BethGriggs @kadel @awanlin @tudi2d could each of you approve this PR if this all looks good? 🙏
